woodpecker-cli: add page (#23714)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/woodpecker-cli.md

# woodpecker-cli

> Manage, configure, and inspect Woodpecker CI servers, and run workflows locally.
> More information: <https://woodpecker-ci.org/docs/cli>.

- Lint all workflows in the current project:

`woodpecker-cli lint`

- Execute a workflow locally:

`woodpecker-cli exec {{path/to/workflow.yml}}`

- Execute a workflow locally with environment variables:

`woodpecker-cli exec --env {{variable_name}}={{variable_value}} {{path/to/workflow.yml}}`

- Execute a workflow locally with secrets:

`woodpecker-cli exec --secrets {{name}}="{{value}}" {{path/to/workflow.yml}}`

- Execute a workflow locally with multiple secrets:

`woodpecker-cli exec --secrets {{name1="value1",name2="value2",...}} {{path/to/workflow.yml}}`

> - Setup woodpecker-cli for managing a Woodpecker CI server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up the command-line client to manage a Woodpecker CI server:
```
I think it sounds better that way, no strong opinion tho, feel free to just "resolve" this suggestion
